The gender mix is very male oriented, just like any engineering job. any
engineering academic field, they sway over to to men. So the Navy's
pretty good about that, the Air Force is the best I think, they're
you know getting close to like sixty forty percent maybe even higher, male
to female ratio. I think the Navy is a little bit lower it's
from what I understand, maybe my aircraft carrier was one quarter
female, at least that's kind of what I saw, and that's about what it
was. But it could be lower, maybe twenty percent is probably what I'm
guessing. The engineering field of the Navy is, on submarines depends
you know which ones you're going on. If it's a fast attack submarine
I think they just barely started just a couple years ago started
allowing females on, and if you're on a ballistic submarine, which
means they shoot nukes off, nuclear weapons off, then they don't have
females on there at all.